CEXT-4452: OOPE Tax Module installation & API guide (#340)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/getting-started.md

You must install or have access to the following prerequisites to develop with the Adobe Commerce checkout starter kit:

- Adobe Commerce EE version `2.4.4` or higher.

> <InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text1" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

```

Before installing Commerce modules, ensure that you have the required credentials in `auth.json` with [access to the Adobe Commerce repository](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-operations/installation-guide/prerequisites/authentication-keys).

### Install the Out-of-Process Payment Extensions (OOPE) module on Adobe Commerce

> To enable out-of-process payment methods in Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-payment-methods`. This module enables out-of-process payment functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable out-of-process payment methods in Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-payment-methods` module. This module enables out-of-process payment functionalities.
```

> To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To install the module, run the following command using Composer:
```

Reviewer: You should combine all the installs into a single install section and use bullets for each install description followed by the install command

```bash

>   composer require magento/module-out-of-process-payment-methods --with-dependencies

Reviewer: are there considerations for ACCS?

Author: In ACCS you cannot install modules. This is for PAAS.

```

### Install the Out-of-Process Shipping Extensions (OOPE) module in Adobe Commerce

To enable out-of-process shipping methods in Adobe Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-shipping-methods` module.
To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

```bash
  composer require magento/module-out-of-process-shipping-methods --with-dependencies
```

### Install the Out-of-Process Tax Management (OOPE) module in Adobe Commerce

To enable out-of-process tax management in Adobe Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-tax-management` module.
To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

``` bash
 composer require magento/module-out-of-process-tax-management --with-dependencies
```

#### Out-of-Process Tax Management Limitations

> Due to this extension overrides the class `Magento\Tax\Model\Sales\Total\Quote\Tax` in `di.xml`

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this sentence. "Due to..." what?

```xml
<preference for="Magento\Tax\Model\Sales\Total\Quote\Tax"
                type="Magento\OutOfProcessTaxManagement\Model\Tax\Sales\Total\Quote\Tax"/>
```

As a result, this extension is not compatible with other tax extensions that also override this class, such as TaxJar or Avalara.

> If you need to use another tax extension, it is recommended to disable this extension to prevent conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use another tax extension, Adobe recommends disabling this extension to prevent conflicts.
```

### Install the Commerce Eventing module (Commerce 2.4.4 and 2.4.5 only)

The [Commerce Eventing module](https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/extensibility/events/) is crucial for handling events within Adobe Commerce. The eventing module is installed automatically in Adobe Commerce version `2.4.6` and higher.

> This starter kit requires version `1.10.0` or higher of the Commerce Eventing module. To view your installed version, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This starter kit requires Commerce Eventing `1.10.0` or higher . To view your installed version, run the following command:
```

### Install the Out-of-Process Payment Extensions (OOPE) module on Adobe Commerce

To enable out-of-process payment methods in Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-payment-methods` module. This module enables out-of-process payment functionalities.

To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

```bash
  composer require magento/module-out-of-process-payment-methods --with-dependencies
```

### Install the Out-of-Process Shipping Extensions (OOPE) module in Adobe Commerce

To enable out-of-process shipping methods in Adobe Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-shipping-methods` module.
To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

```bash
  composer require magento/module-out-of-process-shipping-methods --with-dependencies
```

### Install the Out-of-Process Tax Management (OOPE) module in Adobe Commerce

To enable out-of-process tax management in Adobe Commerce, install the `magento/module-out-of-process-tax-management` module.
To install the module, run the following command using Composer:

> 

Reviewer: I would suggest combining these three installation sections into a single section with three steps.

Reviewer 2: There are three different types of modules, payment, shipping and tax. Usually, users are only interested in a specific domain among them—for example, a merchant who wants to integrate only out-of-process shipping, but not payment or tax.

Currently, the starter kit mixes these modules together, which makes things not clear. I think we might consider splitting them into separate sections in the future rather than keeping everything in a single one, but IMO it looks better to make them separated even on the same page at the moment.
